You're talking nonsense
This report was not approved personally.
You were almost done with the process before, but he helped me get through it.
How could it be wrong. doctor.
My family is really boring and unhappy,
He goes to come out to you,
Come out and don't connect anything.
I'm not, I'm not a father,
I'll learn, you must believe me,
You know, you are the only man I work with.
I have never done anything sorry for you. to me.
He went to call me
You accompany me
Just now you were walking upwards
You must hold your bed well and cultivate yourself during these two days.
I really need to get my body into good shape as soon as possible
We can perform surgery on you. Sorry for the injury.
Get up and fly at this time in front
I want to get up as soon as possible